So to create this expression,
let's divide up this adding of sequences to the coalition into two parts.
So there's the sequence of features before adding feature i,
and there's the sequence of features that are added after we add feature i.
For the set of features that are added before we add feature i,
We're going to call this set S. S is what we saw in the formula above.
For the set of features that are added after we add feature i,
we'll call this Q,
and Q is not in the formula,
but I'm using Q so that is easier to follow this example.
So given the sixth sequences that we saw earlier,
and also given that we're looking at feature x sub two,
here's what sets S and Q are for each sequence.
So notice we added feature zero and then one.
So these all occur before adding feature two.
After adding feature two,
there are no other features.
So Q is an empty set.
Okay. So the second example is,
if we had feature zero and then next is feature two.
So set S is just the set with feature zero,
and after we add feature two,
we're going to add a feature one.
So Q is the set that contains feature one.
So you can pause here and look at all six of these examples.
So for the first and third sequences,
these have the same set S contains features zero and one.
They also have the same set Q,
where Q is the empty set.
So another way to calculate that there are two of these sequences,
that there's this one and that there's this one,
is to take S factorial times Q factorial which is two.
So similarly, for these two which are the same,
the fifth and sixth series,
the set S is the empty set and Q contains features zero and one.
So another way to calculate that there are two of these sequences,
is to take S factorial times Q factorial which is two.